h1. List of Dirty, Obscene, Banned and otherwise unacceptable words

This is a collection of many lists from around the web of words considered socially unacceptable for one reason or another.  Use this to screen for spammers and griefers, to censor dissidents; to better understand the semiotic role of shock and taboo in an online modality; or just to improve your vocabulary.

h4. Contents

The collection includes:

* The Seven Dirty Words you Can't Say on Television from the research group of G. Carlin 
* About 400 English indecent words from http://www.alternative-dictionaries.net
* Multilingual indecent words from http://www.alternative-dictionaries.net
* More than 1100 words the NFL refuses to print on licensed merchandise
* A short list of words purportedly banned in AOL Chat Rooms
* About 800 questionable keywords from the REVEAL software package
* About 200 obscene words removed from the Official Scrabble Players Dictionary.
* Word lists pulled from a variety of filtering libraries on github.com 
* An assortment of smaller lists, organized by source

h4. Digression

A funny story about the last one... In the late 90s, the official final arbiter of whether a word was legal (was) the Official Scrabble Players Dictionary vol 2, or OSPD2. It had both words and definitions. Scrabble is used as a teaching tool in many elementary and secondary schools, and some folks noticed that kids were handling a book with words like BAZOOMS and BADASS (and much worse, but still). So a committee was formed; they prepared a list of "a couple hundred offensive words":http://home.teleport.com/~stevena/scrabble/expurg.html that were removed from the next edition.

However, those words remained legal in tournament play! So for a while, anyone who showed up at a scrabble tournament was given along with their information packet a list of obscene, racist, insulting and/or titillating words with the assurance that those were A-OK to use. (The current compromise is the Tournament Word List: simply a long list of allowed words with no definitions. See also: "this XKCD comic":http://xkcd.com/492/)

h4. Format

The contents are yaml files; even if you can't import them directly it should be straightforward to pull out what you want.

h4. Some food for thought:

* "Anti-defamation League":http://www.adl.org/
* "American Civil Liberties Union":http://www.aclu.org/freespeech/censorship/index.html
* "Electronic Frontier Foundation":http://www.eff.org/
* "Judith Martin (Miss Manners) on Vulgarity":http://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn/A30084-2004Mar27?language=printer

---------------------------------------

Oh and if you download this and are offended by its contents, then fuck you.
